kev: Hey, June.
Jihoon: about, like, optim…
Jihoon: Hey, Kenneth.
kev: Oh, hey.
Gottfried Herold: Hello?
kev: Hey, Gaulty.
Jihoon: Hello.
Gottfried Herold: Hello.
Jihoon: Hello guys, I think we can wait a few more minutes.
Jihoon: To have more people.
Jihoon: Yeah, I was waiting for any client staff to join, but I guess people are busy.
Jihoon: I think we can get started, and then…
Jihoon: Have a nice and short breakout.
Jihoon: Alright, so, hello everyone, welcome to, also, Breakout 32.
Jihoon: Today, as always, we can share development updates, spec updates, and then testing updates, if any.
Jihoon: I've been in HCC, so not so much to share, but I'm happy to share that our execution spec has finally been marched. It's on a separate branch on top of Glamsterdam, and then we will iterate from there.
Jihoon: Here's a link if anyone is interested.
Jihoon: And… Yeah, I gave a…
Jihoon: talk on how FOCIL could interact with frame transaction, and how we can support block fossil.
Jihoon: with blob streaming in the future.
Jihoon: And CC?
Jihoon: It's quite high level, but I'd like to share the link in case anyone is interested.
Jihoon: And, yeah, that's pretty much it from my end.
Jihoon: Do we have any other updates, or anything to discuss?
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: I've been working on getting Reth back up to speed and changing the API method version, so once we have, just get to have the work for once we get Glamsterdam.
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: somewhat finalized, so… but nothing too crazy. Right now, I'm just chasing down dependencies, and then it should be pretty easy to move from there.
Jihoon: Great! Thanks for sharing.
Jihoon: It could… it would be the first.
Jihoon: EL prototype on top of Glamsterdam.
Jihoon: Super cool.
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: Yeah, Reth is missing… Seems like a good bit of, at least on the main branch, so…
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: It's not really on top of Glamsterdam, but it should slot in nicely once stuff gets merged.
Jihoon: Did anyone from Reth… Have a chance to give a review for your PR?
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: No, it's just the last message where they said it's good for, good for now and interesting to look at, but it sounds like they're not gonna… seems like they don't really focus on anything until we get to the next hard fork, because the Reth codebase changes so much, so… it's kind of a redundant exercise.
Jihoon: Hmm, I see, yeah.
Jihoon: Thanks for sharing.
Jihoon: Alright, any last comments or questions?
Jihoon: It's been a while to have.
Jihoon: Okay, I'm on a call, but it will be a very short breakout.
Jihoon: Anyway, yeah, thanks for joining, guys,
Jihoon: Hope you guys have a great rest of your day, and…
Jihoon: See you guys in 2 weeks! Thank you!
kev: True.